Previously on   Your Honor...
This is Rocco Adam Baxter.
He's your grandson.
I don't want that man
anywhere near this family.
I need you to make this intro.
'Cause I'm not going back
to New Orleans
empty-handed and ass out,
you heard me?
[Big Mo]
This is the most money I ever
trusted somebody with
at one time.
Did you ever tell anyone
anything
that I should be worried about?
You know I would do anything
to protect you.
You're the only friend
I've got left.
I want the citizens of this city
to have a say in its future.
They ought to benefit from
a billion-dollar
development deal
that goes through this office.
If only we could get
as much support
as that drug-dealing bitch
from the Lower Ninth.
I made promises to the people
of this city.
Helping rich folk get richer
wasn't one of them.
My family's name
used to mean something here.
If this hotel were called Conti
instead of Baxter,
no one would dare
encroach on our territory.
Got a better offer.
Either you sell me this club
or your heirs will.
Her offer was to close at the
end of the week, and all cash.
-Mm. Nephew.
-[Little Mo chuckles]
What you doing here?
We're here to see
my favorite auntie, of course.
Change of plans. Run it back.
I need the cash back now.
Run it back? It's already set.
Do you understand what happens
if we piss this guy off?
[Big Mo]
Just get your ass on the road
and bring me my fucking money.
Big Mo. She canceled the order.
What?
I'm bringing the money back
to New Orleans.
If you leave town now,
I'm fucked!
You know Roderick don't play
about his money.
[grunting]
[Little Mo]
Fuck, man!
[officer]
Hey, I got him.
-What's up?
-Get over here.
[officer]
Aah! Fuck!
tense, pulsing music
I want to eradicate
an entire criminal organization.
[Michael]
I can't be a spy for you.
At this moment, Michael,
all I want you to do
is love that baby.
[Baby Rocco cooing]
[sniffs softly]
[breathing deeply]
[Jimmy slowly whistling
"Happy Birthday"]
-[dog barking]
-[insects trilling]
[engine idling]
Tomorrow's my birthday.
50th.
There will be a party
over at my hotel.
You should join us.
[seat belt clicks]
slow, ominous music
How did you know I was staying
with my mother-in-law?
Judge.
Why don't you bring your friend
Charlie Figaro as well.
See you at the party.
And we're in.
slow, tense music
[phone buzzing]
[buzzing continues, muffled]
[panting]
[line ringing]
[Little Mo over recording]
Little Mo here.
You know what to do, so do.
[phone clicks]
[sighs]
[takes deep breath]
[knock on door]
[sighs]
Quite a night
you're having, huh?
Thank you.
Very nice.
So, your mother-in-law's
not home tonight?
She's in Baton Rouge.
Legislature's in session.
But you knew that already.
[Olivia]
Trying to make small talk.
So, uh...
how's Jimmy?
[sighs] Older.
Yeah, he invited me to
a birthday party tomorrow night.
Really?
You think he wants
to use you as a piñata?
Did he say anything else?
He wants me to bring Charlie.
Good. So bring him.
I agreed to help you
so that I could protect Charlie.
This is you protecting Charlie.
So I could just deliver him
to Jimmy Baxter?
[sighs]
What are you worried about?
-It's just a birthday party.
-[whistles]
Whoa.
Michael.
You just do everything
I tell you to do,
and your friend Charlie
will be just fine, okay?
-[faucet running]
-[phone ringing]
[faucet turns off]
Hello?
[automated voice]
This is a call from an inmate
at the Harris County Jail.
-To accept the charges...
-[sighs]
...press one.
slow, somber music
[phone beeps]
[Trey over phone]
Hey, Ma. I need your help.
What'd you do?
Nothing.
Just me and Little Mo had words.
Cops blew it out of proportion.
Words over what?
[Trey]
Ma...
What did you and Little Mo
have words over?
Nothing.
Must not be nothing
if you're calling me from jail.
[sighs]
Ma, can you please
just get me out?
Please.
I've got a lot
of things to do today,
and bailing your behind
out of jail ain't one of them.
[door creaks shut]
You're up.
Who'd you call?
Johnnie Cochran.
You would be dumb enough
to call a dead lawyer.
[door bangs shut]
[door opens]
Hey. Other phone.
[phone buzzes]
Hello?
[automated voice]
This is a call from an inmate
at the Harris County Jail.
To accept the charges,
press one.
tense music
[phone beeps]
[Little Mo]
Hey, Little Man, it's me.
Yo. Are y-you all right?
I've been better.
You got my bag, right?
[Eugene sighs]
Yeah. It's under my bed.
All right, good.
I'm-a figure out a way
to get out of here
so I can get back
to New Orleans.
Until then, I'm-a need you
to guard that shit.
Okay.
That's my life in there,
Little Man.
You heard me?
Yeah, I-I got you.
All right, good.
[footsteps approaching]
[Eugene]
Morning.
Hey.
Did you go out
with the boys last night?
Oh, yeah.
We got something to eat.
And?
Trey and Little Mo got into it.
They got busted.
And where were you?
[Eugene]
I was waiting in the car.
Okay.
Just trying to get
to the bottom of it.
slow, tense music
Who's that?
Roderick?
What up, Miss Sheila?
-What are you doing here?
-Looking for Trey.
-In my backyard?
-Didn't want to wake anyone up.
Is he around?
[Sheila]
He hasn't lived here for years.
[Roderick] Well, he's not
in his apartment, either.
[Sheila]
Been trying pretty hard
-to find him, haven't you?
-Yeah.
Got some mechanical issues.
Maybe something
he can help me with.
-[chuckles]
-You know where he is?
Trey is a grown man.
I don't keep tabs on him.
What about you?
Hmm? You seen him?
No.
What's in the backpack?
It's just my books and stuff.
[Sheila]
What are you doing?
[Roderick sighs]
-Had to check.
-Get out my house.
[Roderick]
Have a blessed day.
[Sheila]
You all right?
[sighs]
[Olivia chuckles]
So, what do you think?
I know, I know.
It's gonna be all right.
[clears throat]
[Gary sighs]
[Gary]
Okay...
[sighs]
No, that doesn't work.
I need you to be my eyes
at the party.
[sighs]
Wh-What is it you want to see?
Jimmy's over-leveraged.
That's what these people do.
They dream about projects
that are way too big for them,
and then they make mistakes.
You are grasping at straws.
I am building a case.
No, I know a strong case
when I see it,
and I know when prosecutors
are not standing
on solid ground.
You play the ponies?
-What?
-Horse racing.
-You ever go to the tracks?
-No.
Well, I do. I love it.
I love horses.
I love that they're imperfect.
I love that it's up to us
to get to know them,
and that is my specialty.
Huh.
And you, my friend,
are a mudder.
-Oh.
-You're not the strongest,
you're not the fastest,
and you're certainly
not the prettiest.
But when shit
gets fucking messy,
that's when
I'm betting you shine.
Let's try this.
-[Gary] Hmm?
-[Olivia] Hmm.
[Gary]
Mm. That...
Okay, what's going on here?
I think it's...
Albert Einstein, mad genius?
Mm. It's more like
Saddam Hussein
hiding in a hole.
[horn blares, siren whoops]
Where's Andy?
[chuckles] Still hiding.
[both laughing]
Girl.
Why does a woman afraid
of needles become a nurse?
-Mm-hmm.
-[chuckles]
[phone ringing]
This is Sheila.
[Big Mo over phone]
Hey, sis.
slow, somber music
Who... who died?
[scoffs]
Everyone's alive and well.
[Sheila]   Hmm. Well,
after ten years of silence,
I thought we was done talking.
I can't find our nephew.
Ain't heard from him
since yesterday.
Mm, he's with his cousin.
You know where?
I told you to stay away
from Trey.
This ain't got nothing
to do with him.
Don't play with me.
Not about my son.
Look, I'm just trying
to reach Little Mo.
You gonna help me or no?
Is this about money or drugs?
Because I know damn well
-it's about one or the other.
-[scoffs]
See, why you got to go there?
Huh?
Mm-hmm. Am I wrong?
Yeah, thought so.
I ain't call you for no lecture.
No, you called
because you got those boys
in trouble again.
So I'm-a tell you one last time,
stay away from my son.
[phone beeps]
[waitress]
Here you go, gentlemen.
Thank you kindly.
This is nice.
I mean, it's not like old times,
but it still feels kind of good.
I need to ask you a favor.
[sighs]
What is it?
I need you to come
to a birthday party with me.
[laughs]
That's what you
wanted to ask me?
It's for Jimmy Baxter.
You're kidding.
Are you out of your mind?
You shouldn't be talking
to Jimmy Baxter.
Hell, I shouldn't be
talking to Jimmy Baxter.
He wants political influence.
He's trying to get to me through
you, and you're letting him?
There's another reason.
Come on.
It's just that...
he and I...
have a grandchild.
Adam and Fia, they have a baby.
She didn't know she was pregnant
when, uh...
Fuck me.
This is all my fault.
What do you mean?
I got Adam his first
box of condoms.
Never showed him how
to use them, though. [chuckles]
[Michael sighs]
So you'll be there?
-He's using you.
-I know.
I know. Still, I'd-I'd like it
if you were there.
Let me think about it.
Thank you.
soft, intriguing music
[knock on door]
Hello, Fia.
Hi, Dad.
Today's my birthday.
[Fia]
Happy birthday.
Could I see Rocco?
He just went down.
Sorry.
Your mother's throwing me
a party tonight.
It would mean a lot
if you would join us.
I'll try.
I, uh, invited Adam's father.
I hope to see you.
The whole family
should be there.
Okay.
[Fia sighs]
So, the two of you
are back on your bullshit?
We ain't do nothing--
Ah. I'm gonna get to you
in a minute.
quiet, tense music
You begged me
to take that boy in,
and what did I say?
What did I say?
You said, "Trouble better--"
"Trouble better not
come with him."
Why is my sister calling me?
[Little Mo]
I don't know.
She probably worried about me.
[Sheila scoffs]
I ain't never known her
to be a worrier before.
At least not about anybody
in this family.
And why is your friend Roderick
snooping around my house
this morning?
Did you let him inside?
I swear to God,
if either one of y'all
-let some shit into my house--
-Look, look,
just-just get me out,
and I'll take care of it.
Please, Aunt Sheila.
Get me out,
and this,
it'll never happen again.
I promise.
tense, ominous music
[engine starts]
You don't like parties?
I'm not going to your father's
birthday party with you.
-Why not?
-He's my boss.
He's my boss, too. So what?
Aren't you
supposed to be working?
[elegant piano music playing]
I'm always working.
Security's 24/7.
Yeah.
I feel real safe right now.
Check this out.
There are 11 people
in this lobby, including us.
Family of four waiting
for the elevator. Harmless.
Married couple looking
at the menu for the restaurant.
Its lunchtime. That makes sense.
That leaves three people,
and I'm tracking all of them.
There's a guy in a chair
at my five o'clock
reading yesterday's newspaper.
I don't like that.
There's a strong gentleman
who just entered,
and he walks with a limp,
probably a... old war injury,
which means he's likely trained
in hand-to-hand combat.
Then there's a woman
wearing sunglasses,
carrying an umbrella
even though the forecast
calls for clear skies.
And there's another guy...
super good-looking,
and you're crushing on him,
big-time.
[clicks tongue] Not one
of those things is accurate.
[whispers]
Are you sure about that?
-[laughs]
-[Gina] Carlo.
Hi, Mom. [clears throat]
[Gina] Can I speak
with you for a moment?
Yeah.
-I don't want you slumming it.
-Jesus, Mom.
Don't ever settle.
Are you making sure
there's extra security tonight?
Yeah, I'm on it.
Makes me nervous having
this many family members
together out in the open.
Mom, no one's gonna
touch us again.
[sighs]
You're your mother's son.
Yeah, that's probably
why Dad doesn't like me.
Oh, no, he loves you.
He just doesn't understand you.
You know, till I had you,
my relationship with my papa
was the most important thing
in the world to me.
I pray one day you'll have that
with your father.
It's okay.
I have that with you.
[sighs softly]
[phone ringing]
[phone continues ringing]
[sighs]
[Olivia over phone]   How you
coming with that plus-one?
-To be determined.
-Mm.
-I'd hate to see you go stag.
-[car door closes outside]
I'll talk to you later.
-[Fia] Thanks.
-[Michael] Mm-hmm.
Um...
So, are you... are you coming
to my dad's birthday party?
I am.
[sighs]
I-I just...
I don't want my family
butting into every single
part of my life. [sighs]
I honestly think that
you should stay away from them.
Bad things happen
when they're around.
when I'm around, too.
I just want one person
in my life that I can trust.
[sighs]
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
When you look at me,
do you see Saddam Hussein?
[laughs] Are...
Really?
Well, I mean, now you've
said it, it's all I can see.
slow, tranquil music
[scissors cutting hair]
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
Tell me you found them.
They were picked up in Houston.
Got in a fight.
-[Big Mo]   With who?
-With each other.
And then Little Mo hit a cop.
quiet, tense music
I need him out.
Yeah, what you need
and what I'm gonna do
are two different things.
Tell them he's your CI.
Talk up that
"brothers in blue" bullshit.
Just get him released.
What am I,
a genie in a fucking lamp?
Genies don't get fucking paid.
You're not paying me enough.
Well, I figured my silence
was priceless.
Well, so is me shielding you
from the New Orleans PD.
I'm getting tired of always
being on this end of the call.
And I'm getting tired of
having to repeat myself.
Little Mo's in jail,
and he needs not be,
right now.
Yeah. I'll see what I can do.
Bitch.
Which one of y'all
is the fastest driver?
[jazz band playing upbeat tune]
[lively chatter]
-
-[dialogue inaudible]
You look like
a different person.
-[Jimmy chuckles]
-Wow.
[Jimmy]
Mm-hmm.
A new man, indeed.
Happy birthday.
[Jimmy]
Thank you, thank you.
It's incredible
what a good barber can do.
That would be me,
thank you very much.
Not too shabby.
Well... [chuckles]
Seems like I've been
overpaying for years.
[chuckles]
Please, come in, come in.
Let's get you a cocktail.
Oh, watch your step.
What is Michael Desiato
doing here?
I didn't know he was coming.
But you don't seem
terribly surprised.
Carlo.
[jazz band continues playing]
[clicks tongue]
[phone whooshes]
Mr. Desiato.
This is a private party.
Jimmy invited me.
[Gina]
Is that so?
Yes.
When were you talking
with my husband?
He was visiting Fia.
Shake it in the morning,
shake it in the night
[jazz music fades]
tense, ominous music
Stay away from my family.
[jazz band continues playing]
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
Hi, Michael.
[Michael over phone]
Look, I'm leaving.
Not until you do
what you came there to do.
Look, I-I don't even know
what I'm doing.
Just keep your eyes open.
There's something missing,
Michael, so I need you there.
I am not wanted here.
Look, forget Gina, okay?
Jimmy wants you there.
That's all that matters.
[line beeps]
tense, dramatic music
[announcer over laptop]
And they're off.
Cornwall Pete jumps
right out of the gate...
[announcer]
And into the first turn,
Sibling Rivalry moves
into second,
-followed by Applegate.
-Come on, baby.
[announcer]
And Sibling Rivalry
-has taken the lead at...
-Come on.
[announcer]
Sibling Rivalry is holding,
but Cornwall Pete is inching
back up on the outside,
with 3/16 of a mile to go.
And it's Sibling Rivalry
and Cornwall Pete,
one and two, neck and neck,
stride by stride.
It's going to be tight
to the finish.
And the winner is Cornwall Pete!
[static over earbud]
[announcer continues
indistinctly]
[groans]
Fuck.
And I can feel it
all in my hands
Yeah, I can feel it
all in my soul
I can feel it
all in my feet, oh
I can feel it all
in my bones
I can feel it
all in my hands
And I can feel it
all in my soul
Put your hands up
in the air...
[Charlie]
Hey, you do have a face.
Hey, don't look at me like that.
I came here to see the baby.
Thank you.
I imagine it's past its bedtime.
Well, someone must have
a photo at least.
Yeah
Now, if you don't know
what to do
Raise your hands
and act a fool
Put your hands up in the air,
let me hear you
Say yeah, yeah...
-[crowd groaning]
-[music stops]
[crowd murmuring]
-[drumroll playing]
- Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday
Dear Jimmy
To you
[crowd cheering, applause]
[exaggerated inhale]
[blows]
-[cheering]
-[cameras clicking]
Hey!
[Jimmy] Does everybody...
everybody have one?
I want to thank you so much.
Cheers.
[woman]
Happy birthday!
Everyone. Friends, family.
I am grateful to mark
this special day
with each and every one of you.
A big thank-you to my
extraordinary wife, Gina,
for arranging these festivities.
[crowd cheering, applause]
Now, if a man's been
lucky enough
to spend half a century
on this earth,
then he's, uh...
[chuckles]
...he's likely been
blessed and cursed, hmm?
You can't, uh, spend...
50 years of life
without a bit of both.
Time brings joy
and pain.
Loss and renewal.
And tonight, I want to recognize
the newest addition
to our family,
Judge Michael Desiato.
[crowd murmuring]
tense, dramatic music
[Jimmy]
Now, come on, Judge.
Welcome him, welcome him.
Come on.
-[applause]
-Give him a round of applause,
everybody, come on.
Cheer him on, please.
[cheering]
Come on, come on.
As most of you know,
I became a grandfather
this year.
-[cheering, whistling]
-Yes, yes, I know. I know.
[laughs]
Well, so, too, did Michael.
Our lovely daughter Sofia,
and his late son, Adam,
blessed us with new life
and new family.
I ask you to welcome him
into your hearts tonight, hmm?
-Give him a round of applause.
-[cheering]
Oh, I'd also like
to recognize Michael's
best friend,
the mayor of our fine city,
-Mr. Charlie Figaro.
-[cheering]
[stammers]
Come on, Mr. Mayor.
Come on down, Mr. Mayor.
Come on down. That's right.
Welcome our shy mayor.
My goodness.
Thank you.
Uh, as I understand it,
Mr. Mayor,
you were...
godfather to Michael's son.
Yeah.
[Jimmy]
Well, I... [sighs]
I would imagine that you were
a fine steward of that position.
Now, perhaps,
you might be
the perfect candidate
to be Baby Rocco's godfather.
[crowd gasps, murmuring]
[Jimmy laughs]
Raise your glasses, everybody.
To old friends
and new family.
Cheers. Thank you so much
-for being here tonight.
-[crowd] Cheers.
Let's enjoy some cake, shall we?
[cheering]
-Cheers.
-[applause]
[jazz band playing lively music]
So good to have you both here.
Thank you so much. Cheers.
Ah, Mayor Figaro, Judge Desiato,
meet Carmine Conti,
my father-in-law.
Always a pleasure to meet
the city's power brokers.
I'm looking forward
to the wonderful things
we'll do together.
dramatic, ominous music
[camera clicking]
[buzzer sounds]
-You're being released.
-Finally.
Just Morrow.
Apparently, you need to get
yourself some better friends.
Too bright, bright
It's too bright, too bright
Bright, too bright,
too bright, bright
We know how to shine
in the night
Cut the lights off,
it's too bright
Cut the lights off
It's too bright
We know how to shine,
we know how to shine
Cut the lights off,
it's too bright
If it way too heavy,
better pass that shit
Anything you want,
be sure to pass that shit
I feel fantastic
Got the pedal
to the metal...
Appreciate you.
This ain't no courtesy call.
Big Mo's not happy.
But she will be.
Let me hold your phone.
[rap music continues quietly]
You got her money?
Gonna go get it.
[line ringing]
[Eugene over recording]
Don't leave a message.
-[phone beeps]
-Hey, it's me.
Chris and Russell
just picked me up.
I'm not sure where you at,
but we're on the way back
to the house.
Get the fuck out of there.
It's too bright
[jazz band playing upbeat music]
[lively chatter, laughter]
What's wrong, my darling?
Nothing. I'm fine.
Gina. Tell me.
You see why
I called you to come?
Every day, I get
more and more worried
about the direction
this family is heading in.
It's going to be all right.
I don't know, Papa.
Things are different now.
That's why I'm here.
[speaks Italian]
[Gina]
Thank you for coming.
I figured Carmine Conti
was dead.
He's been living on some island
off the coast of Italy,
but he hasn't set foot in
New Orleans since the late '90s.
Why is he back here now?
You know what?
Let's worry about that when we
get the fuck up out of here.
Yeah.
Michael?
-Hi, Mayor Figaro.
-Hi, Fia.
Um, I'm really sorry about
what my dad did. I don't...
-I don't know what that was.
-Don't worry about it.
Just promise me I'll get a
chance to see that baby someday.
Yeah, I promise.
Uh, do you want to see
a picture of him?
-[Charlie] You know I do.
-Okay.
Here you go.
Aw. [chuckles]
Look at that.
Yeah.
I'm-a leave
the two of you to talk.
Okay.
-Charlie, thank you.
-Sure.
I-I am so embarrassed.
I'm sorry. [sniffles]
-No, don't be.
-[sighs]
You were right.
I... I shouldn't have come here.
My parents ruin everything.
I just don't want to get
in the middle of family affairs.
You are family.
That's the one thing
my dad got right.
Oh, no. Stop that.
-
-[dialogue inaudible]
[sniffles]
[exhales]
-It's okay.
-It's fine.
Okay.
[car doors close]
[insects trilling]
tense, ominous music
[crying]
[Sheila crying]
Get out of my house.
Get out of my house!
Now!
Get out my house!
[Little Mo]
Fuck.
Yeah, we here with Little Mo.
Money's gone.
I got a pretty good idea
where it's at.
tense, dramatic music
Bring his ass back
to New Orleans.
Welcome home, Little Man.
[dogs barking]
[lively chatter]
Michael.
The birthday boy would like
a moment of your time.
Please.
tense, ominous music
[whistles] Oh, you do
scrub up well, Judge.
Come on.
All right. Okay.
Looks like you're missing one.
[grunts]
[coughs, groans]
He's clean.
[coughing]
[Michael groans]
[Jimmy] You know, my daughter
barely speaks to me anymore.
The harder I try,
the more she pulls away.
But you...
You make it look so easy.
Now, I remember, I remember...
I was gonna blow your brains out
when I thought you'd taken
a child from me.
That what you're trying
to do now?
Hmm? 'Cause, uh, Fia...
...is the most precious thing
I have in this world.
I understand.
Do what you have to do.
What do you want with my family?
[sighs] Nothing.
[Jimmy]
Nothing?
Nothing.
Then why get a job
delivering meat
to my hotel?
Hmm?
Come drinking at my bar,
telling Carlo about
Harry the Hook,
and why do I keep seeing you
around my children?
[sighs]
Now, remind me.
They let you out
of prison early because...?
Because...
I wanted to kill myself.
They didn't want my blood
on their hands.
But that shouldn't stop you.
Go ahead...
...and just do it.
Please.
[Jimmy]
I won't be your executioner.
[groans softly]
intriguing music
[door bangs open]
[door closes]
[distant door opens]
[door creaks shut]